Mandew's Platform Megapack,
 by Mandew.
 
INTRODUCITION:
	This Megapack is actually just one sprite that uses the Sprite Extension feature in Lunar Magic to behave in many different ways.
	Those different behaviors, I call "Subsprites". I figured that these platforms shared enough similarities to be easily grouped as such.
	The result should be something compact, including all the options without using much ROM space, and using only 1 sprite slot.
 
VERSION HISTORY:
	v1.0
		First version of the sprite. Includes 16 sprites - 2 Boost Platforms, 
		8 Grey Falling Platforms, 2 drifting platforms, and 4 vertically-wrapping platforms.
 
 
USAGE INSTRUCTIONS:
	1. Make sure that all the files are unzipped into PIXI's sprite folder - preferably within their own subfolder called "platform_megapack"

	2. With PIXI, insert platform_megapack/platform_megapack.cfg as any standard sprite slot.
	This will insert all the subsprites of the pack in that singular sprite slot.
	
	3. When adding this sprite to your level, use the "Extension" field in Lunar Magic's Add Sprite Manual window to determine which subsprite will be used.
		Note that none of these sprites uses 3 as the Extra Bit.
	
LIST OF SUBSPRITES (What you put under "Extension 00-FFx"):
	0 -- Brown Boost Platform
	1 -- Gold Boost Platform, can jump infinitely.
	
	2 -- Grey Falling Platform, 2 tiles wide.
	3 -- Grey Falling Platform, 4 tiles wide.
	4 -- Grey, upwards Falling Platform, 2 tiles wide.
	5 -- Grey, upwards Falling Platform, 4 tiles wide.
	6 -- Grey, rightwards Falling Platform, 2 tiles wide.
	7 -- Grey, rightwards Falling Platform, 4 tiles wide.
	8 -- Grey, leftwards Falling Platform, 2 tiles wide.
	9 -- Grey, leftwards Falling Platform, 4 tiles wide.
	
	A -- Grey Falling Platform, drifts to the left. 3 tiles wide.
	B -- Grey Falling Platform, drifts to the right. 3 tiles wide.
	
	C -- Vertically-wrapping Brown platform, going down. 2 tiles wide.
	D -- Vertically-wrapping Brown platform, going down. 4 tiles wide.
	E -- Vertically-wrapping Brown platform, going up. 2 tiles wide.
	F -- Vertically-wrapping Brown platform, going up. 4 tiles wide.
	
Note: Any invalid value will crash your game. In this case, there are 16 subsprites, so going beyond F will crash it.

ADVANCED USE:
	"platform_megapack.asm" includes defines that lets you control which subsprites are inserted, near the top of the file.
	If you're afraid of wasting ROM space, you can disable the subsprites you don't need, and their programming will not be inserted.
	If you try to use a sprite that has been removed, it will be replaced by a 1-tile wide fake grey platform that does nothing... So if you see that, you should probably review these settings.

	Btw, 0 = disable, 1 = enable.
	
FOR PROGRAMMERS:
	Please don't change the amount of Extra Bytes used by the sprite. I put this out there with the intents of updating it with new ideas later down the line, and changing the amount of Extra Bytes a custom sprite uses can corrupt level data for Lunar Magic.
	
CREDITS:
	Megapack structure, subsprites 0-F
		Mandew